## Week 3.3 meeting
Date:           01/03/2022
Main focus:     Sprint week 4 issues assign & select checkstyle modules
Chair:          Pil Kyu Cho
Note taker:     Elias Hoste

# Opening
Attendance check:
- Pil Kyu Cho
- Jakub Patrik
- Albert Sandu
- Elias Hoste
- Kerem Yoner
- LohithSai Yadala Chanchu

# Approval of the agenda
*If there are other things that needs to be added to the agenda.*

# Points of action
- Work on the final version of HCI report
- Get started on buddycheck feedbacks
- Assign issues for week 4 sprint
- Go over 'rebasing' in git
- Go over the other endpoints to implement
- Check-in: how are things going?
- A short reflection on learnings (tips/tops) last week
- Code of Conduct: are we still on track?
- Add additional agreements to code of conduct (if necessary)
- Sharing tips & tops (feedback for the chair and the team)

# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- Submit final HCI evaluation report by Friday
- Think about feedbacks for each members
- Are we on track regarding the issues

# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.*

# Questions for the TA
- none

# Question round
*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

# Closing remarks
- Checkup on each matter regular regarding issues update
